* Instead of dashing from crisis and juggling conflicting projects, on a work vacation you can stop watching the clock and just be present.
* It would be a complete mistake to decry love of power altogether as a motive.
* He strolled about, looking very debonair in his elegant new suit.
* He began and ended his career as a decadent.
* She tried to deflect me from my purpose but with no success.
* The grant helped defray the expenses of the trip.
* When ratings agencies demote a country's credit rating it means they think it is now a risker palce to invest.
* coy smile
* So legislators are already shuffling their bills before they convene in January.
* Electoral fixes can come in sophisticated and just about plausible versions, or they can come in crude and patently contrived forms.
* He saw a look of swift disappointment, almost of consternation, darken her eyes.
* They contemplate trouble in obtaining hotel reservation.
* You can auction or consign them to recover some of your costs.
* He predicted a conflagration that would kill or injure more than a million people.
* I cannot but conjure up the memories of the good old days.
* We overlook big things, forget details, conflate events.
* We condemn all sorts of slanders.
* Anti-arrhythmic drugs control the rhythm of your heart.
* answer with some asperity
* wipe off this aspersion
* If you say so, I'll regard him not an aspirant man.
* I know the degree of master meant many years of assiduous study and hard work.
* As a team member, you must be assertive enough to communicate your point of view, describe your ideas, and disagree when it's important.
* split us asunder
* Whatever you've done couldn't atone for the misdeeds.
* File systems are simple, reliable, well-understood technology, but they have poor to atrocious search capabilities.
* I can aver that he is telling the truth.
* The harversting projects can go awry if they focus too heavily on the quantity of food gathered.
* So, how can you show you won't balk at spreadsheets and graphs?
* You can purchase lip balm imbued with the delicate flavor of Cheetos.
* But you do not need to banish ice-cream from your dietary repertoire completely in an attempt to get fit.
* Redundancy is well known in biology - it is the bane of development geneticists.
* Today, it's hard to believe liberation of aesthetic can lie in something so banal.
* Speaking of her love, has become a romantic balderdash.
* He assumed the barb was aimed at him.
* He developed a museum depicting the barbarous treatment that was prevalent in asylums for the insane.
* Media reports of this latest trick have stirred up an online barrage toward the scammers.
* Is there any better ways to beguile loneliness except eating?
* He also fabricates sensational lies to befuddle world opinion.
* We won't belabor the theory and background.
* The logistics company is considered a bellwether for the global economy.
* I've been in meetings where the CEO allowed himself to ramble, rant, and berate for a half hour straight.
* I beseech you to forgive me.
* Soda acid liquid cannot be used when cleaning besmirch.
* Having been very blase about the whole thing, I found the reality absurdly moving.
* The intolerance and prejudice of a bigot.
* There is a perverse comfort many get from displays of blatant racial injustice.
* Use it regularly to find a smooth clear blemish free skin.
* make an awful blunder
* blurt out emotional slurs and add fuel to the fire
* Even I boggle at the idea of spending so much money.
* The brassy boys put their tongues out at us.
* 
