* In the class that day was an obstreperous man who was creating turmoil.
* The British press at its worst intrusive, sanctimonious and spiteful.
* You grow old if you are irritable, crotchety, petulan and cantankerous.
* Our faces damp with sweat, but our bodies cool in the light clothing, we would flaunt the happy weariness of a day of nuptials with the world.
* Part of the intricacy of co-ordination in using language lies, as we saw in the previous chapter, in the different constraints operating in speech and writing.
* Lena Horne's singing style is such that she can invest even the most insipid/vapid lyrics with dramatic meaning.
* But it is also a commentary on the lurid appeal of shopping malls, which were then multiplying quickly.
* In such a complex and sensational case, the conspiracy theories will live on.
* A long-standing theory about the migration of green turtles was repudiated by an innovative marine biologist who graciously defused potential acrimony by dedicating her work to the original researcher.
* Every lender or investor eventually will need his money back, and a legal document covering everything from the terms to the timing can avoid the kind of acrimony just described.
* Better, they argue, to use regulation to identify and defuse dangerous accumulations of risk in the financial system.
* The Journal found that these rules can be skirted.
* Ballads often praise popular figures who have performed feats that many perceive as admirable, such as defending the poor or resisting unjust authority.
* The reservoir in the reserved preserve is an obstacle to the obstinate observer.
* The latest salvo comes from a university study which purports to show that where there is a bike lane, motorists tend to give less room to cyclists when they overtake.
* To the left the infatry had been halted by the devastating artillery barrage.
* Yet this would be a daunting undertaking.
* This ability does not yet extend to artificial limbs, however, and robots are a long way from having sensitive tactile abilities.
* But the long-term consequences of sleep deprivation should be enough to convince anyone to hit the sack.
* Reinforcement can be intrinsic, extrinsic or extraneous.
* Toni Cade Bambara's novels are engrossing because the protagonists, in striving to achieve goals, are not simply passive/resigned characters.
* I wish in no way to impugn the potential validity of gradualism.
* They have only to provoke an enemy into an attack.
* In frigid regions a layer of permafrost under the soil surface prevents water from sinking deep into the soil, and so the water inundates the land, helping to create bog and swamp conditions.
* He rigged a rubber hose to the tap in the kitchen.
* Heed my words here: Willy-nilly, no-schema, non-organized data is a recipe for disaster.
* Convalescent people are comparatively sensitive when they convalesce in a new surrounding.
* Fresh foods and leftovers languish on crowded shelves and eventually go bad.
* That he was a desultory tentative student of something and everthing might only have been predicted of him.
* Both missives were perfunctory - winner and loser wishing each other well, best to your wife, that kind of thing.
* The view was unanimous and adament: we must finish the job.
* The answers were kept confidential to prevent any partneres taking umbrage.
* She took unbrage at my remarks about her hair.
* It draws the conclusion that individual is influenced by others through social interation which leads to the consentaneous behavior according to Socail Psychology.
* Reduced speed = deteriortaion, or willful reduction of speed to be "safe"
* Before you know it your yard and garden will be teeming with life.
* Use temporal tables and save yourself some time.
* For many, the thrill of the moment lay not in what he said, but in who he was.
* Timely invitation to lunch came just as I was starting to feel hungry.
* The early euphoria could rapidly fizzle into surly disappointment.
* So to speak, college should by itself surmount this polarization as well as offset within its own power.
* Intangible challenges will be even harder to surmount.
* Definitely not for the squeqmish.
* Other countries may not be so squeamish.
* Note to the squeamish: the next two photos show a spider.
* They both ratify and stigmatize certain behaviors.
* Even if they do succumb, though, it seems more likely that it will be in spite of, not because of, having already taken monetary steps.
* One should never succumb to fatigue when alone on the battlefield.
* It's that staunch belief that when I love what I do, success has to come.
* But men, like you, who come from the seculr world think arrogance appropriate.
* Skittish investors are keen buyers of Germany's government paper, too, driving bond yields down.
* Although one might think that one can complete a job without sparing any effort, this is never true.
* She uttered each syllable with controlled clarity, and without a splutter or stammer.
* So don't scrimp on smooching your girl different ways to ramp up the sensitive factor.
* Sectarianism was so foreign to him that when he met rank prejudice, he often burst out laughing.

