* Flattery (also called adulation and blandishment) is the act of giving excessive compliments, generally for the purpose of ingratiating oneself with the subject.
* People use conformity to ingratiate themselves with others.
* The food had been adulterated to increase its weight.
* Lung cancer has what symptom, have adumbrate?
* adventitious viruses
* A spokeswoman for Ford said that the advert was aimed at young men and was intended to be humorous.
* an affable smile
* Yet the details of her skeleton proclaim her human affinity.
* And with such huge circulations, the magazines have lots of affluent readers.
* We took a look into the opulent life of this incredible entrepreneur.
* The king sought to aggrandize himself at the expense of his people.
* The beauty of these towns, particulary Trogir and Dubrovnik, left us agog.
* There's no reason to agonize over telling people you're job hunting.
* First, move with alacrity.
* The alibi was fabricated by him.
* But it will not ally the sense of unease.
* You allude, perhaps, to the entail of this estate.
* Staying aloft is a matter of dealing with pressure.
* The ambrosial aroma of the roast whetted our appetites.
* Should his condition ameliorate the sentence?
* Development and natural resource amenity areas are often controversial.
* She was generous, amiable, interesting: she was everything but prudent.
* We prefer to resolve disputes by amicable, nonbonding conciliation between two parities.
* Peace, amity, cooperation and development are not only the common aspirations of the people of the three countries.
* Many are seduced by gold, but its less illustrious cousin, sliver, is now attracting considerable attention.
* This led people to conclude that they could misbehave with impunity.
* The next incumbent will be the person who really defines the role.
* This disposition may work out in decorous morality or in indecorous immorality.
* oxygen lance, spray lance
* Many are caused by negligence and lax safety procedures.
* My only grumble is that there are no deliveries at weekend.
* The new capital regime seems prudent without being onerous as to hobble the mainstream of banking or to harm economic growth.
* Imagination raises a man about the humdrum of life.
* Each doctor may have an idiosyncrasy or two - a pronunciation issue or unknown idiom.
* The reporter wanted to heckle the candidate with those embarrassing questions.
* If you tend to wake up feeling groggy, grumpy, or even sad, consider using one or more of the about tips to help boost your morning mood.
* Outside, it can alter monsoon cycles, speed glacial melting, and almost equal the impact of longer-term greenhouse gasses.
* So is a fierce, hostile glower or a series of frighteded, bewildered glances.
* Can we truly let go of the grudge?
* To prep the eye to receive the tooth and lens, the doctors placed a cheek graft over the eye to promote moisture.
* But that hope was fleeting.
* Their forage and water supplies have diminished, but the cattle must still be fed.
* forfeit, confiscate
* Do not forsake me when my strength is gone.
* A spokesman for the league gave the proposals a frosty reception.
* She thought she was gawky, that her hair was to frizzy, her skin too pale.
* Companies may find themselves up against feisty rivals that they have never heard of, not to mention unscrupulous pirates.
* Even an anodyne diplomatic statement looks hard.
* Your mouth may be sore and pale if you're anemic, and your tongue can become swollen and smooth.
* Several anarchist groups are planning to take part in the demonstrations.
* So back there at first anathema was a good thing.
* The company also will supply ancillary and support equipment, spare and repair parts, and logistic support.
* Cosmic rays would zap them into an amorphous, glass-like state.
* It's also used as a local anesthetic for other types of small procedures.
* A first step in exploring anomalous data is just finding it.
* Don't pick fights or arguments and antagonize other users.
* The changes to the judiciary mean that antediluvian judges and prosecutor no longer stand in his way.
* She threatens to prosecute Tony for impeding an investigation.
* The clown came on with many antic gestures.
* Smile can dissolve apathy and pass warmth.
* What's the science behind this old aphorism?
* Apocalyptic thoughts have been around for thousands of years.
* Apocryphal information abounds, bluring the boundary between truth and rumor.
* The Apple support web site filled up with messages from apopletic customers.
* Defending murderers and thieves would appall them.
* His comprehensive apprehension about the appendix of the pendulum is obvious.
* I'm glad to apprise you that you are the winner.
* The idea of the utility of all qualities of this kind, is plainly an after-thought, and not what first recommends them to our approbation.
* Redundant slogans are apt to petrify a man's thinking.
* Archaic period
* We must have patience in doing arduous work.
* He began with extraordinary ardor to plan a crime theoretically.
* All the important risks fall into the latter category, they are anthropogentic.
* When abstinence is the only choice, an ascetic frame of mind comes easy.
* Your equipment design and aseptic processing operator competencies appear to contribute to the lack of unidirectionality.
* The asperity of the winter had everybody yearning for spring.
* Should you hear my name blackened and maligned, will you credit the aspersion?
* Had his heroics only been a figment of his imagination?
* Progress is bound to be fitful.
* That led me to becoming, and I believe I still am, a fervent advocate of freedom, and also of freedom of opinion.
* You can simply enthrall children and glue them to their seats by narrating a stroy vampire story.
* And beneath this scorn there is a gloom that he cannot exorcise.
* Recently, there have been hints that investors are less enamored of bonds and tiptoeing back into stocks.
* The vessels frequently changed their names to elude regulators.
* First, trying to choose a career based on a current business fad is foolish.
* Can a computer be programmed to be cunning yet fallible?
* We're asking ourselves whether it is possible to extrapolate from past to future legitimately.
* Bloodshed, hatred, waste of resources and deplorable conditions had usually been the result.
* This crude dichotomy misses the nub of the issue: that the benefits of growth have been unevenly, and often unfairly, spread around.
* It is necessary to disenchant this mysticism aesthetics of practical aesthetics.
* The landscape is drab and infested with brick ovens.
* It is an eclectic mix of Japanese tea drinking and English country garden.
* I would not deign to comment on such behaviour.
* 

