* One of the best tools we have against malaria is indoor residual house spraying.
* A thief must certainly make restitution, but if he was nothing, he must be sold to pay for his theft.
* Most of those embedded viruses are now extinct, but in 2005 French researchers applied for permission to resurrect one of them.
* The memory of Mei is always retentive keeping in my mind.
* Echoes of cries of pain reverberate my heart.
* On a rhetorical level, I think I'd caution him against blaming too much freedom right about now.
* Tke the rigmarole it puts users through when they wish to close an account.
* Abracadabra, said the conjuror as he pulled the rabbit from the hat.
* Malaria is still rampant in some swampy regions.
* Now people go out in a mad rush to shop, like ravenous varmpires feasting on new blood.
* He cites Alexander Hamilton, who wrote that human beings are "ambitious, vindictive, and rapacious"
* The sea tided the debris ashore.
* It says firmly that the EU must not renege on its promise.
* What a real growth is need courage and faith to try new thing and abnegate old things.
* Your body is in survival mode and needs food to replenish its energy.
* We were once a very pragmatic nation with the ability to compromise to move things forward.
* Say no is your prerogative.
* Sing to the Lord, praise his name, proclaim his salvation day after day.
* Some of the proprietary solutions will support these requirements better, at the moment.
* The pious man is dubious about the vicious civllian's vivid description of his vicinity to his wife.
* The pitfall cost us one year.
* Placid and slow, seahorses do not flee from predator, but instead camouflage themselves, changing their skin colour to match their habitat.
* Although immensely ambitious, he would never lose touch with his plebeian roots.
* Refusing to let his feet touch the ground, she unrolls a new carpet, plush and crimson.
* These drugs aim, so far with modest success, to block aberrant molecules in tumor cells while leaving normal cells unscathed.
* They sometimes abet crimes.
* Regulators may yet stymie the growth of real-time bidding.
* Once war broke out, the system went into abeyance.
* The old lady's face creased into furrows of repugnance, and she made no further reply.
* Even the offer of us dollars in the midst of abject poverty produced only shrugs, because there was simply no food to buy.
* They were compelled to abjure their faith.
* They would certainly not absolve the US of the need to get its fiscal house in order.
* Unless some opposition members abstain, the budget may thus not get through.
* He is abstemious in eating and drinking.
* For the average editor, that analogy might seem abstruse.
* The proposal borders upon the absurd.
* While 28 percent is certainly better than 16 percent, the results are still abysmal.
* Her drive to stay sconsistent will prompt her to accede to your request and bring a main dish.
* Happy couples accentuate the positive.
* This film can manage without Hollywood's ultimate accolade. It's built its own legend already.
* Second of all, people who have learned many different skills can acclimate to new jobs more quickly than those who are less versatile.
* Over time, an implementation will accrete complexity as code is revisited for bug fixes and feature enhancements.
* They will ususlly be the one with a cripping addiction and an acerbic sense of humor.
* This is an acrid and pungent substance.
* The meeting will adjourn sine die.
* Yet count him  not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother.
* The ostensible goal is to prevent welfare fraud, but the psychological impact is to turn poverty itself into a kind of crime.
* At the same time, though, we do not want our story to overshadow the critical plight of these desperate defectors.
* The boy tried to palaver his mother into letting him stay up later.
* He nibbled away the apple peel, then ate the flesh.
* When your're emotionally overwrought, it can be hard to remember exactly what was said.
* Until this week, though, there were also some perilous peculiarities.
* Yet in other moments he seems petulant, tentative and even frail.
* Unfortunately, all the approaches found so far have weaknesses, so they're no panacea, but they can be helpful.
* Why did she marry that great oaf?
* The most agonizing part of the ordeal, she said, was the week-long wait for the test results.
* In the light of Calvary, all our supposed goodness is nothing but filthy rags.







